Once we have our images we can start working on a project and actually start doing some kind of HDMI.
Now as you can see we need to start by getting the logo first.
Then we're gonna have the heading three and then we're gonna have our little board.
Now this is the first thing that I would like to do.
And then we're gonna start moving on and working with different sections of the project.
Now first of all I would like to get an image obviously where we know that we would need to use the
image there.
So here within the body and I just start getting the image and for the image we're going to be looking
for the source or our slate with new.
Also I meant right away that we're going to give us the source and within the source now we would need
to navigate to the images folder.
Now we know that we would need to use the relative past and maybe I didn't mentioned this before but
you also going to see a lot of times this duck.
So again this that would mean the same thing where we are navigating somewhere within the folder meaning
the index right now and the images are still within the same folder.
However the image that we're looking for is in the images folder.
So first we would need to navigate still within this folder and look for the images folder.
Once we get the images folder what's going to be next.
Well then we're gonna be looking for the logo right.
So as you can see right now we're getting the logo.
Now let's just right here.
Coffee coffee.
Logo.
Yeah.
Now we have our image.
So this is all good.
Next what we have after the image we have some kind of heading on my case I used I believe heading three
so I'm gonna say heading three and we're just gonna call this the this is gonna be the name of the company
your website or whatever you would like to make it.
And in this case I'm gonna say coffee junkie.
And next we would need to create our now but not for the nav bar I said that we would be using on our
list of first we would need to create another list then for every list item we know that we need to
create a list item element and then within the last night of women this is where we are creating our
legs now for every link we're gonna have to have the atrium.
So basically the path or the direction where this link is gonna be go and on since we're gonna start
with the homepage and say that the homepage is gonna be going to indexation email.
Now obviously we haven't created yet the rest of the pages.
However it doesn't stop us from creating these links.
So what I would like to do right now is just copy and paste this three times and instead of having this
as a whole I'm going to change it to about numbers and contact.
So first of all let me again do multiple cursors so we know that we would need to use all product.
So in this case if I'm gonna press on multiple places notice I'm gonna be having multiple quarters.
So let me delete first of all home because each and every one of them is going to be different as well
as to let's get rid of all the indexes at the same time.
So just like that we got rid of all the indexes and let's say the second page is gonna be about each
normal and a name in our nav bar is going to be about.
Now let me say this.
Let's see.
Sure enough we have the bolt and then let's have the numbers numbers change the amount this is going
to be our page and in the number we have numbers.
Now last but not least we're looking for contact measured the amount and this will be equal in the number
to contact and just contact.
We're not going to add anything else.
Good.
We added logo we added heading three as well as our number and maybe just to double check we can go
to the bigger browser window and let's see how this is gonna look.
I think it looks good enough and we already move on to start working the next part of our project.